Good morning! My name is Lisa, and I'll be your sponsor!
I've been with the agency for 25 years and I'm thrilled
to support you on this exciting initiative.
I'd like to fill you in on a few things about the current
work environment, specifically your project team.
All of your managers are competent
and skilled in their areas of expertise,
but they've never worked on the same team before.
While your team understands and appreciates the need for the new office,
they've been struggling to determine their new roles
and responsibilities, and have been voicing their concerns
about the new project. It's important that everyone works together
to make this a success, and based on what I've heard about you-
you're just the right person for the job!
As you proceed, you'll need to consider a number of factors
that are important to leading a change initiative,
like: How will you gather resources?
How will you manage your direct reports? Your peers?
And how will you manage the expectations of your leadership?
You'll also have to consider your budget
and how to handle budget constraints.
It's important to realize that when managing any kind of
change initiative, multiple factors are always at play.
I'll check in with you periodically to see how you're doing
and provide support if needed.